Step 1. Citations will be very important If I reference any material not part of the course material, I will usually start gathering my sources first and list them in my 
works cited section.

*Update I have been gathering resources, the works cited page should be in the readme file.  

Step 2. I want to have a functional menu system in this program, meaning one that doesn't close everytime I run a function.
to do this I'm planning to integrate a menu system from the start and build upon it.

*Update The program has a functional menu system currently chapters 1-11 have material.

Step 3. Research what I don't know how to do starting from ch1 and moving my way to ch11-ch14 (maybe ch15 too if possible) 
I will be reviewing and using some material I'm familiar with but learning/researching will be a big part of the latter 
part of the project.

*Update I have started with the easiest work material I'm already familiar with, now I have added chapter 11 regex material.  

Step 4. Gather resources and information needed for implementing the neccesary functions and the imported modules they will require.
so far I know I will have to import the re module, the random module, the socket module, and the xml.etree.ElementTree as ET module

*Update So far I have used only the import re module I have been working starting with ch1 as I go forward, modules will be added to the 
program as needed.

Step 5. Define functions and introduce/demo material in as subtle a way as I can, while still showing what I've learned.

*Update At this point Ch1-11 have material I have focused a lot on regex due to it's importance.

Step 6. Presentation 
Once I have a program that is working to specifications, I will create a presentation of the program.
This would include a video I’m planning on pre-recording myself on zoom doing a screen capture / walkthrough of the program and adding that video to my final project material

*Update For step 6 Presentation my plan is still the same, once the program is up to spec I will make a screen capture.
(I plan to use zoom and prerecord myself doing a walkthrough).
I will plan to upload that video to youtube.
A link to the youtube vid would be provided when it is up.

As part of my documentation, content I would have included if I had more time would be chapter 12-14 material.
I did choose to focus on regex due to it's importance.
